(DOCSP-20092): [Swift SDK] Delete user documentation (#1568)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/swift/examples/users/create-and-delete-users.txt

   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

.. _ios-create-user:

Create a User
-------------

For most :ref:`authentication methods <authentication-providers>`, Realm 
automatically creates a :ref:`user object <user-objects>` the first time 
a user authenticates. The only exception is email/password authentication. 
When you use email/password authentication, you must :ref:`register 
<ios-register-a-new-user-account>` and :ref:`confirm 
<ios-confirm-a-new-users-email-address>` a user before the user can 
authenticate to a Realm application.

.. include:: /includes/apple-account-deletion-requirements.rst

.. _ios-delete-user:

Delete a User
-------------

.. versionadded:: 10.20.?

You can call the ``delete`` method on a user object to delete 
the user from your Realm application.

.. important::

   Deleting a user only deletes the user object, which may contain associated 
   :ref:`metadata <ios-user-metadata>`. This does not delete :ref:`custom 
   user data <ios-custom-user-data>` or user-entered data from your 
   application. Apple :apple:`requires that you disclose data retention 
   and deletion policies <app-store/review/guidelines/#5.1.1>` to your 

>    application customers, and give them a way to request user data deletion.

Reviewer: "Requires that you X and Y" (no subject change ("you") = no comma)
```suggestion
   application customers and give them a way to request user data deletion.
```

>    If you collect additional user data, you must handle deleting that data.

Reviewer: Maybe? I think there is a certain nuance in "handle" here:
```suggestion
   If you collect additional user data, you must delete that data.
```

Author: You're right, there is a nuance here, and I'm not sure `delete` really covers it - what about:

> If you collect additional user data, you must implement your own methods or processes to delete that data.

Reviewer: Yes, I like that.

the user from your Realm application.

.. important::

   Deleting a user only deletes the user object, which may contain associated 
   :ref:`metadata <ios-user-metadata>`. This does not delete :ref:`custom 
   user data <ios-custom-user-data>` or user-entered data from your 
   application. Apple :apple:`requires that you disclose data retention 
   and deletion policies <app-store/review/guidelines/#5.1.1>` to your 
   application customers and give them a way to request user data deletion.
   If you collect additional user data, you must implement your own methods 
   or processes to delete that data.

Delete Users with Async/Await
-----------------------------

If your application uses :apple:`Apple's async/await syntax
<documentation/swift/swift_standard_library/concurrency/updating_an_app_to_use_swift_concurrency>`:

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/DeleteUsers.codeblock.async-await-delete-user.swift
   :language: swift

Delete Users with Completion Handlers
-------------------------------------

If your application does not use async/await:

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/DeleteUsers.codeblock.closure-delete-user.swift

>    :language: swift

Author: What's really weird is that this new line at the end of the file exists on my local. I don't understand!
